conversation with Colm 27th nov 2025. You can probably work out who is saying what, using your skills : )

Hello, come. Yeah, no problem all right. Daniel, how are you? I'm good. are you? Good, good, yeah, not too bad. So, Daniel, just a couple of things need to run through with you today. Yeah. I start with the credits, right? So what's the story with the credits? Do they work at all for you? I haven't accessed credits for months. I've asked in the past, you know, without getting into extensive details, I have asked, but I've never had them sort of made active again for quite a long time. Okay, so we probably need to get your one view reset then. Yeah, yeah. Because I'd say it's a matter you probably haven't logged into one view for a while. Yeah, I... But I'm unable to log in at the moment, so... Yeah, yeah, that's what it is. So, yeah, I'll have to get that reset now. I don't have an exact time as when that's going to be done. Okay. Look, what I need you doing is if you have a customer like that in the future, you just need to tell them the credit is done. And that's what it is. Okay. I just get them off the phone because like that was probably what, 2010 minutes anyway? Yeah, yeah. Let me go back. So between me putting it on between you, Max, and me at... Yeah, so would say would say 15 minutes, right? 10, 15 minutes, give or take. Once the credit is agreed, and like it's just going to be dead air or you're on hold or whatever. There's not much you can talk about because we're 15 minutes. No, that's quite true. It's just tend to cost. You have to tell the customer the credit is done and it just ends there. Okay. All right. Fine. We can't even complaints open or we can't be letting, you know, predates just hang on. Okay. I need you to be a bit active on that, right? Okay, yeah. So, um, look, I don't know how long you're going to be coming towards myself. Now. There's obviously an issue there with your hours. They don't quite match mine. Yeah, quite a significant issue at the moment. So, it's gonna vary. So, what I'm gonna need you to do, and I was gonna catch up with you the other day, but look, Daniel, I've been kind of back to back in training courses all week. So, and then with your own new days during week. So, look, you're, as much as I will be there to answer the questions, you're not going to be there all the time. So you're going to have to reach out to other team leaders as well. Yeah, okay. Okay, so I fully acknowledge the fact that you're with me is because there's some kind of dispute of some kind. Um, I mean, I, I, I, you do need, there's, there's another A, team metres that you, you, you will have to, times reach out to. Yeah, okay. The issue I have is I've got, as you're aware, then there's a grievance in place, and I'm trying to communicate with Keith, and it's, you know, almost, well, I'm just simply not getting replies at the moment. Is there any way you can encourage a reply because? So from Key Connelly, is it? Yeah, yeah. Because I really, really... Okay, what ex yeah, so just catch me up. So what exactly is it about just the overall dispute that you're looking to get a response from keto, is it? Yeah, I just, I need to. I mean, I've sent him I mean, he's 2 emails now, but, you know, on Monday, I sent him a 2 emails and he hasn't replied to either of them, and they're both asking quite, you know, significant questions. Right, okay, I will chase that off for Keith anyway. Yeah, because I haven't been told him in the last few days, but I'll send him a message after a finish. Yeah, because it does, I mean, very much relates to the idea of contacting other team leaders. So I really need to sort of have some feedback from him, because it's all totally wrapped up in the whole reason I'm with you at the moment. Okay, okay. But my understanding of that is that it's only one team leader that you're not able to contact at the moment. No, that's not true. No. I'd, you know, I just... Yeah, there are, yeah, there are. And I, I, it's, I, I've been told, you know, not to, not to go into details with you. It not because it's not my choice. It's not because, and it's, you know, none of this is my choice, so none of none of it's because I'm... Yeah, I really do not want to have a bad relationship with you. I don't want to have a bad ratio with anybody that I'm working with at all. But I'm just, you know, going through these steps and I'm being told certain things and I'm being put in a position where I would not be following what I've been told. So it makes it very difficult for me. Right, right, right. Okay, I get that, right? And I'm not asking you to name names, right? I suppose what my thing is, so you're working Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday. Yeah. Tuesday and off... No, not... No, Wednesday. That's right, yeah. You don't work at Tuesday and Wednesday, would you work Thursday to Monday and Tuesday? That's right, yeah. All right, okay. So my schedule is I'm going to be there predominantly during the week. I do one in every 3 Saturdays. Okay. So on a lot of Saturdays, every Sunday, and I'll have a new day then either on a Friday or on Thursday, depending on the week. Okay. So there's going to be there's going to be minimum 2, if not 3 days a week. where our schedules aren't going to a night. So you're going to have to reach other team leaders. Yeah. That's that's really what it comes down to. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And there's also these, there's also these at 6 PM or 6.30 PM or 5.30 PM when I'm finished. So again, you're going to have to reach out to other people. I, yeah. I'm not arguing with you when you're saying that at all, but I, I, and I'm not, but I, yeah, I, I need to speak to Keith because I've been told not to do that specifically. You know, I've got it in, so I, well, I'm not, I, I don't have any problem. I don't have a problem, like the, with the idea of you not being available the whole time, of course you're not available the whole time. You know, even if our shifts were completely aligned, then you wouldn't be available all the time because you've got meetings and things. So I've got, so that's, you know, I'm certainly not causing raising an issue with us or saying that that's unreasonable in any way. I'm just dealing with what's, you know, the situation that I'm in at the moment and what I've been told about how to proceed and and I, yeah. Just bear with me for a second. Yeah. Just bear with me for a second. Okay. Hello, hello. Hello, hi, hi, Daniel, Colin again. So yeah, look, just trying to see. Just trying to see what was key to be able, but just have a quick chat with him. But look, that's not right now available. Right. Look, as I said, I'm not asking you to name names, but it's why the sounds of it there? It seems to me that you're saying there's multiple people that you have some kind of a grievance situation. Let's, I mean, without going into details, but it's not, I'm not, I've never been complaining about one person as such, I'm complaining about a system and this is, you're one of the few people who I haven't dealt with. So that's that's what we're that's what we're looking at. Okay, right. So, like, well, I suppose the situation is... You're a fairly tiny agent in the job, so there's not a recall if you're going to need a manager or a situation like that. No, like something like that credit there, for example. Like, if I wasn't there, how long was that cold, what it was for? You know what I'm saying? So that's why I'm saying like there's off the top of my head, there's 10, 19 Raiders, so there's probably a 7 other people. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Maybe previous or quarantine later, but... So there's other states for 7B, but so... You know, it's, it's not me that's saying that I, there are people who, I don't want to contact. It's simply because what I've been told, what I've submitted and what I've then been told as a result of that, is that, okay, okay. So, do you know the names of the other team names? And I'm not trying to insult you with that question, but are you aware the other team need their names? Yeah, yeah, absolutely, yeah. I mean, it could, because my, because my previous team leader had a sort of Monday to Friday schedule as well. and finished earlier than me. So, you know, I'm very, very used to the team chat. There's no doubt about that. So, the ask then is that you're just gonna have to utilise other people as well, right? So just bear with me for a moment. Yeah, okay. Okay. I can see a screen, yeah. Yep. #, oh it's gone again. So you can, you can see the screen there, right? You can see the codes in white and green and amber and stuff. Yep. Okay, so this is, as you can see there, that's the 24th, which was Tuesday. Yeah. This is the point here where you've logged in at 20 past two? Yeah, yeah. I had issues. At this point here. Yeah. Okay, just a minute now, just hold on a second. I'll give you a chance to talk. Okay, okay. And then this is 6 o'clock down here. And this is 9 o'clock here. So between 6 and 9. You were not on calls. Absolutely. And I, this is what I need to, you know, I've emailed Keith about it, and I'm, you know, I'm not, because I'm working to what I, what I was told I should be working to. So I, this is something that I need to talk to Keith about because absolutely I wasn't on course between 6 and 9 because they were my instructions to, to, uh, Well, yeah. It's it's I didn't it wasn't a case of. Oh, I decided I'd slip away and hope I wouldn't get noticed, you know, but not at all. I've got, I've got a very clear email to Keith about this situation and it's not, I'm not, um, uh, Is, is, this is not cool avoidance. This is me dealing with... Okay, let me stop you here for a second. Yeah. Are you telling me that Keith would you, to go into meeting at 6 o'clock? I'm telling you that I, due to the instructions and the emails that I'd received from Keith, then I wasn't able to continue working from 6 o'clock until I'd had further information from him. I wasn't told to go into no, I wasn't, no. Yes. I finished at 6'clock Why did you not tell me? Well, we were having a conversation and the conversation, I was, we were talking about when you were going to be available. And then it went dead because you've left. I mean, we were in the middle of the conversation and the conversation ceased to continue because you didn't reply. I would quite, I would have, I would have spoken to you about it, absolutely, but there was if if we look at the... Hold on, hold on. Monday, Monday evening. So yeah, so I've said about our shifts for coin side game maybe on Thursday. that's fine. So this week our shifts will coincide again, maybe on Thursday. That was the last message until yesterday evening when I sent you the message about the preference day. That's right. Obviously you've not been important. Obviously, you've not been in work from Tuesday and Wednesday, yeah. That's their days, you know. Yeah. So, What indication is there to me that? The conversation is ending at that point like I don't follow because. I suppose I don't have any. But because I've, because I said maybe, maybe on Thursday because you told me you were having a half half day on Thursday. So I would have expected there to be, uh, you know, As as a confirmation as to whether we were going to have any any contact again on Thursday. Now, I, when I went into, you told me you were finishing at 6. Um, I went into meeting at 3 minutes past 6, but if you'd replied, you know, if you'd said why you're in meeting, then I would have I would have spoken to you. But it's, you know, you told me you were finishing at 6 and I sent you a message which seems like it invited a response and I didn't get one, so. So which messages is this that invited you to response? The last message. So this week our shift will only coincide again maybe on Thursday. I'd be honest, that sounds to me like you're absolutely fine and you don't need that. There's like, if there's a direct question that you need to speak, we send for, about whatever or that you're not there, absolutely ask me the question. That is not a question to me about what the next 3 hours are. I think the other point is, is that you told me you were finishing at 6 and so my discussion was really with Keith, you know, because I've been told that I shouldn't be discussing details of a grievance with you. And I should be, that should be a discussion I only have with Keith, then that's, that's another reason why I didn't raise it with you because it wasn't, it wasn't for you to be, to be dealing with what I was doing at that time because I'm, you're, you're my standing team leader for the time during your shift. Yeah, exactly. for every how long it's going to be. You don't tell me that that's what you're going to do. I presume your intention was to go into meeting at 6 o'clock by the sound, but you didn't tell me that. No, it wasn't. Well, I suppose it was my intention. It was my intention #um. But I'd also. Yeah, I really don't want to. I don't want to argue with you. I I certainly want to. It's not about me. As I, as I've already said, is I'm not, um, trying to find a strategy to avoid taking calls here. This is this is not what this is about. The bigger question is, okay, so probably the bigger question for me then is, at 6 o'clock, between 6 and 9, you're in me. So why are you not on poles between 6 and nine? Regardless if I'm there or not. Well, this is where we get into the into discussing a grievance and I... I, you know, I, I, I... Because if I have, I had, I had absolutely no points of contact for any, um, assistance. You know, I I don't. Because the the the people who #um are mentioned in my grievance extend quite broadly to basically everybody any #ah body who's going to be answering in the team chats. Then I was left in a position where I had no avenue to assistance. And I, I. I feel like I you know, I can go into my details with a grievance, which if if. I I just feel like. I shouldn't be doing that because I've been told that I shouldn't be doing that so I'd I'm as I'm I'm really. I'm not. I'm not being awkward because I'm trying to evade your questions or because I don't want to, because I, because I'm trying to desperately avoid as many calls I possibly can. I, I, I. Okay, so look. Now, what you're saying is in your original team chat, the person that you have a grievance in against is the person that's going to be there. That's true. No, no, no. I'm picking that up on basically what you're saying. So there's also been in support channel. So I suppose let's let's roll it forward to I'm finished it well, I'm meant to be finished at 2 o'clock today. here later. So I finished at half to today, right? What happens or 3 o'clock? right I'll go free. Let's just say it's 3 o'clock for hours. Well, absolutely, yeah. and I... Listen, I would love to, I absolutely want to know the answer to that. And so, you know, I want I want to have contact with Keith. I'm not, I've been waiting for a response from Keith. I've I've asked some very clear questions based on exactly what you are saying to me. Um, and it's, you know, he's the person who's, uh, sort of got the information about how how the process needs to proceed and about who, who I can and can't contact. Um, And so it really comes down to, down to him, for me to know what, what to do, because absolutely, you're right. If you're finishing at 230 now, then we're going to be in the same situation because I, I'm going to be, now, when I 1st messaged you about the, the refund today, the most recent one, um, then I did then use the billing support chat, which I, I deleted, deleted the message. So I'm, it's not, I'm not. Averse to to using that. But it does. You know, I I I. I've been the information that I've been given was not explicitly that I shouldn't use the billing support chat is that I shouldn't be contacting people who are mentioning my grievance and and so this is why I once um, to speak to Keith, you know, and I. Oh day, oh day, you know, anybody in the, in the employee relations team. It doesn't need to be Keith, anybody employee relations who can help. Okay, so just bear. Yeah. Okay, thank you. You talking to me. Well, I'm in the middle of a conversation. I mean, I've just finished, but it's no point asking me if I'm okay in the middle of the conversation. Yeah, I'm okay. I just talking to my team leader. We trying to establish what happens when he's not available. Hello, hello. Daniel, hi, Col again. So, yeah, I've had it up there now, so there is a team leader on until 9 PM this evening. It's Anthony Keey. Oh, okay. Yep, never heard of him. Have you? Yeah, have you? No, no, that's he is there, he'd be there till he's working. He's working half 12 to 9 this week, so he's there half 12 to 9. Today and tomorrow. Okay. And then on Saturday, it seems it's either Jason or Keenan or Bolt, when that are there, and the same on Sunday. So, what hours you do on the weekends? I do 9 till 5.30, but there would be an issue with both of them. I'll be there on the Saturday, but I won't be there on a Sunday. I don't. on the Sunday. might be one other team Yeah. Um, There might be... I'd have to work that out. I've put that open. No, it's not because I'm requesting not to speak to them. It's because, and it's not because I've got a put, I don't, yeah. I've not got a problem with them. I'm not like saying, oh, you know, this person's been horrible to me or something. It's just the nature of what, what I've raised and what I've been told with, with, it seems procedure that if some, somebody's mentioned in something, I therefore shouldn't then have any contact with them until we've gone through an investigation. This isn't my request. It's, it's, and I'm not saying that I wouldn't be prepared to speak to them. Okay, so, well, look, if there is obviously a grievance there, then you can't... Yeah, I suppose the bigger thing is we've lost 3 hours of delivery the other evening. Yeah. I can't I can't remember as Anthony working at half 12 to 9 on Monday. I off the top May. I think he might have been out Monday. Okay. I think about it. Regardless. You didn't ask me who else was on for support. If it was a case where there was this situation. You know, I do sort of take exception to the... I don't I don't really appreciate being there being an implication from you that I've I've behaved badly in this situation because I've contacted employee relations on Monday morning and I contacted them when I went offline and as far as I'm concerned, since raising a grievance and that's what I should be doing. And the reason that I didn't ask you specifically about who else I should be going to for support is because I'd been told not to discuss a grievance with you. So, yeah, I'm not asking you to us to grieve and swing me at all. I honestly, and I mean, it's in a nice way, it really on no level has any interest to me. No, I'm not to be doing every day. So it's not something that I'm concerned, right? I suppose what I'm getting at really is Daniel. The fact that I need, I suppose, communication, and if there isn't something right, then I can be one of the chases... Well, and listen, it's not you, but to say that what you need is communication is a bit rich coming from a not from you, but coming from a company where I've, you know, emailing Keith and so on to say that you need communication, I need communication. I haven't had any response from him. And, you know, as I've said to him, you know, this, the example that he's setting in terms of exactly what you're talking about is an incredibly bad one. Okay, so look. Okay. I just put a documented conversation together that we hadn't discussed around all this anyway. All right. I'd be here for another short while today, but I'd say probably from about 3 o'clock onwards, I'd maybe go into Anthony on it or just go into the building sport chat, or with the other team leaders there like Shannon.

Is it indicated in this Colm will contact keith